Add EE docs (#18)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started_ee/setup_environment.rst

.. _setting_up_environment:

###########################
Setting up your environment
###########################

Complete the following steps to set up a local environment for your first execution environment:

1. Ensure the following packages are installed on your system:

* ``podman`` or ``docker``
* ``python3``

> If you use the DNF package manager, install them as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the DNF package manager, install these prerequisites as follows:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  sudo dnf install -y podman python3

> 2. Upgrade the `pip` package manager and install `ansible-navigator` to run EEs.

Reviewer: isn't the point of `ansible-navigator` to verify the EEs and test them out? The way it's worded here suggests anyone using EEs has to use navigator to run them.

Author: it's a valid way to run EEs in CLI, so i changed `lets you run EEs on the command line`

Installing `ansible-navigator` lets you run EEs.
It includes the `ansible-builder` package to build EEs.

> 

Reviewer: While it seems quicker to install navigator and get both, is it worth saying you can install builder on its own with pip install ansible-builder... or whatever the command is? @oraNod what do you thing? It complicates the getting started to mention this, but without it, someone looking for a fast/quick way to install just builder doesn't see how here.

Author: changed the wording, PTAL

.. code-block:: bash

  python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip ansible-navigator

> 

Reviewer: I'm inclined to say don't add upgrade pip. it's not required, and there may be valid reasons someone doesn't want to impact their version of pip.

Author: I agree, my original suggestion also was just `pip install`, let's change this back.
